docs-ref-conceptual/eclipse/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions.md, before:

---
title: Sign-in instructions for the Azure Toolkit for Eclipse
description: Learn how to sign into Microsoft Azure by using the Azure Toolkit for Eclipse.
services: ''
documentationcenter: java
author: rmcmurray
manager: routlaw
editor: ''

ms.assetid: 
ms.author: robmcm
ms.date: 02/01/2018
ms.devlang: Java
ms.service: multiple
ms.tgt_pltfrm: multiple
ms.topic: article
ms.workload: na
---

# Sign-in instructions for the Azure Toolkit for Eclipse

The Azure Toolkit for Eclipse provides two methods for signing into your Azure account:

  - [Sign in to your Azure account by Device Login](#sign-in-to-your-azure-account-by-device-login)
  - [Sign in to your Azure account by Service Principal](#sign-in-to-your-azure-account-by-service-principal)

[**Sign out**](#sign-out-of-your-azure-account) methods are also provided.

[!INCLUDE [azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-prerequisites](../includes/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-prerequisites.md)]

## Sign in to your Azure account by Device Login

To sign in Azure by device login, do the following:

1. Open your project with Eclipse.

2. Click **Tools**, then click **Azure**, and then click **Sign In**.
   ![Eclipse Menu for Azure Sign In][I01]

3. In the **Azure Sign In** window, select **Device Login**, and then click **Sign in**.

   ![The Azure Sign In window with device login selected][I02]

4. Click **Copy&Open** in **Azure Device Login** dialog .

   ![The Azure Login Dialog window][I03]

5. In the browser, paste your device code (which has been copied when you clicked **Copy&Open** in last step) and then click **Next**.

   ![The device login browser][I04]

6. Finally, in the **Select Subscriptions** dialog box, select the subscriptions that you want to use, then click **OK**.

   ![The Select Subscriptions dialog box][I05]

## Sign in to your Azure account by Service Principal

This section walks you through creating a credentials file that contains your service principal data. After you have completed this process, Eclipse uses the credentials file to automatically sign you in to Azure when open your project.

1. Open your project with Eclipse.

2. Click **Tools**, then click **Azure**, and then click **Sign In**.
   ![The Eclipse Azure Sign In command][A01]

3. In the **Azure Sign In** window, select **Service Principal**. If you do not have the service principal authentication file yet, click **New** to create one. Otherwise you can click **Browse** to open it and jump to step 8.

   ![The Azure Sign In window with service principal selected][A02]

4. Click **Copy&Open** in **Azure Device Login** dialog.

   ![The Azure Login Dialog window][A08]

5. In the browser, paste your device code (which has been copied when you click **Copy&Open** in last step) and then click **Next**.

   ![The device login browser][A03]

6. In the **Create Authentication Files** window, select the subscriptions that you want to use, choose your destination directory, and then click **Start**.

   ![The Create Authentication Files window][A04]

7. In the **Service Principal Creation Status** dialog box, click **OK** after your files have been created successfully.

   ![The Service Principal Creation Status dialog box][A05]

8. Address of the created file will be automatically filled in the **Azure Sign In** window, now click **Sign in**.

   ![Azure Log In Dialog Box][A06]

9. Finally, in the **Select Subscriptions** dialog box, select the subscriptions that you want to use, then click **OK**.

   ![The Select Subscriptions dialog box][A07]

## Sign out of your Azure account

After you have configured your account by preceding steps, you will be automatically signed in each time you start Eclipse. However, if you want to sign out of your Azure account, use the following steps.

1. In Eclipse, click **Tools**, then click **Azure**, and then click **Sign Out**.

   ![Eclipse Menu for Azure Sign Out][L01]

2. When the **Azure Sign Out** dialog box appears, click **Yes**.

   ![Sign Out Dialog Box][L02]

## Next steps

[!INCLUDE [azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-additional-resources](../includes/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-additional-resources.md)]

<!-- URL List -->


<!-- IMG List -->

[I01]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/I01.png
[I02]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/I02.png
[I03]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/I03.png
[I04]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/I04.png
[I05]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/I05.png

[A01]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A01.png
[A02]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A02.png
[A03]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A03.png
[A04]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A04.png
[A05]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A05.png
[A06]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A06.png
[A07]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A07.png
[A08]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A08.png

[L01]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/L01.png
[L02]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/L02.png
[L03]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/L03.png

Commit message:

add a note for the eclipse pop up windows error.
Signed-off-by: andxu <andxu@microsoft.com>

docs-ref-conceptual/eclipse/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions.md, after:

---
title: Sign-in instructions for the Azure Toolkit for Eclipse
description: Learn how to sign into Microsoft Azure by using the Azure Toolkit for Eclipse.
services: ''
documentationcenter: java
author: rmcmurray
manager: routlaw
editor: ''

ms.assetid: 
ms.author: robmcm
ms.date: 02/01/2018
ms.devlang: Java
ms.service: multiple
ms.tgt_pltfrm: multiple
ms.topic: article
ms.workload: na
---

# Sign-in instructions for the Azure Toolkit for Eclipse

The Azure Toolkit for Eclipse provides two methods for signing into your Azure account:

  - [Sign in to your Azure account by Device Login](#sign-in-to-your-azure-account-by-device-login)
  - [Sign in to your Azure account by Service Principal](#sign-in-to-your-azure-account-by-service-principal)

[**Sign out**](#sign-out-of-your-azure-account) methods are also provided.

[!INCLUDE [azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-prerequisites](../includes/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-prerequisites.md)]

## Sign in to your Azure account by Device Login

To sign in Azure by device login, do the following:

1. Open your project with Eclipse.

2. Click **Tools**, then click **Azure**, and then click **Sign In**.
   ![Eclipse Menu for Azure Sign In][I01]

3. In the **Azure Sign In** window, select **Device Login**, and then click **Sign in**.

   ![The Azure Sign In window with device login selected][I02]

4. Click **Copy&Open** in **Azure Device Login** dialog .

   ![The Azure Login Dialog window][I03]

> [!NOTE]
>
> If the browser doesn't open, configure eclipse to use an external browser like IE or Chrome:
>
> 1. Open Preferences -> General -> Web Browser -> Use external web browser in Eclipse
>
> 2. Select the browser you prefer to use
>

5. In the browser, paste your device code (which has been copied when you clicked **Copy&Open** in last step) and then click **Next**.

   ![The device login browser][I04]

6. Finally, in the **Select Subscriptions** dialog box, select the subscriptions that you want to use, then click **OK**.

   ![The Select Subscriptions dialog box][I05]

## Sign in to your Azure account by Service Principal

This section walks you through creating a credentials file that contains your service principal data. After you have completed this process, Eclipse uses the credentials file to automatically sign you in to Azure when open your project.

1. Open your project with Eclipse.

2. Click **Tools**, then click **Azure**, and then click **Sign In**.
   ![The Eclipse Azure Sign In command][A01]

3. In the **Azure Sign In** window, select **Service Principal**. If you do not have the service principal authentication file yet, click **New** to create one. Otherwise you can click **Browse** to open it and jump to step 8.

   ![The Azure Sign In window with service principal selected][A02]

4. Click **Copy&Open** in **Azure Device Login** dialog.

   ![The Azure Login Dialog window][A08]

> [!NOTE]
>
> If the browser doesn't open, configure eclipse to use an external browser like IE or Chrome:
>
> 1. Open Preferences -> General -> Web Browser -> Use external web browser in Eclipse
>
> 2. Select the browser you prefer to use
>

5. In the browser, paste your device code (which has been copied when you click **Copy&Open** in last step) and then click **Next**.

   ![The device login browser][A03]

6. In the **Create Authentication Files** window, select the subscriptions that you want to use, choose your destination directory, and then click **Start**.

   ![The Create Authentication Files window][A04]

7. In the **Service Principal Creation Status** dialog box, click **OK** after your files have been created successfully.

   ![The Service Principal Creation Status dialog box][A05]

8. Address of the created file will be automatically filled in the **Azure Sign In** window, now click **Sign in**.

   ![Azure Log In Dialog Box][A06]

9. Finally, in the **Select Subscriptions** dialog box, select the subscriptions that you want to use, then click **OK**.

   ![The Select Subscriptions dialog box][A07]

## Sign out of your Azure account

After you have configured your account by preceding steps, you will be automatically signed in each time you start Eclipse. However, if you want to sign out of your Azure account, use the following steps.

1. In Eclipse, click **Tools**, then click **Azure**, and then click **Sign Out**.

   ![Eclipse Menu for Azure Sign Out][L01]

2. When the **Azure Sign Out** dialog box appears, click **Yes**.

   ![Sign Out Dialog Box][L02]

## Next steps

[!INCLUDE [azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-additional-resources](../includes/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-additional-resources.md)]

<!-- URL List -->


<!-- IMG List -->

[I01]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/I01.png
[I02]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/I02.png
[I03]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/I03.png
[I04]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/I04.png
[I05]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/I05.png

[A01]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A01.png
[A02]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A02.png
[A03]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A03.png
[A04]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A04.png
[A05]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A05.png
[A06]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A06.png
[A07]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A07.png
[A08]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/A08.png

[L01]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/L01.png
[L02]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/L02.png
[L03]: media/azure-toolkit-for-eclipse-sign-in-instructions/L03.png
